hello Diablo fans I wanted to show you a
bug that I found and it's extremely
exploitable in the data basically the
way the last I want to say quest works
is you start at the you start at talking
to Cain and then you have access to
cathedral garden but you don't acts that
have access to the cathedral level 3 or
the Royal crypts the bug that i'm going
to show you allows you to actually after
you defeat lyric will allow you to
actually transport back to this waypoint
and what it is is basically what you do
is right before you kill lyric you have
to time it correctly where you leave the
game but you can still pick up the item
so i'll show you how you work how you do
it
Scalise mom's here and if this actually
works really well on single single
player simply because you can use you
could do the timing just right
okay so when you attack him he'll have a
health bar
so I want to get him down to about ten
percent health or enough to where I can
figure out like it will take one swing
to kill them these guys aren't in the
way just got a time you got to see how
much damage you do for swing I guess
before you do the last 18 game you make
sure you go kill them if you can all the
stuff will drop and then you'll have
this amount of time left before the
thing is over now you go back to start
game and this is an invite only game you
can go back go back to the Royal crypts
and go fight him again and I don't
recommend doing this exploit because you
could get banned from the beta for doing
this but I did want to point it out to
you because it is very interesting so
there you go if you want to do infinite
runs this is the way to do it but you
can only do it in single player so
you'll only get those items but yeah so
very interesting I hope that they fix
this because it's really not cool to be
able to just exploit the game like this
so yeah if you enjoyed the videos so
that I'm doing please subscribe and I'll
see you guys later alright for clarity's
sake I wanted to go ahead and do it
again
missed it so you get him down to one
more swing hit the leave game button
time it just right kill him and then you
grab all the loo actually need to make
sure that
grab it and the sign does not go up that
tells me that the beta is one you can
start a game again and then you will
have access to the most recent way point
which is the Royal Crips and you can
start it again so yeah that's pretty
screwed up but let's get the way it is I
do hope they fix this this problem and
hopefully by actually you know showing
people that this is a problem they will
actually indeed fix it so yeah I guess
that's the point of beta is to find
maytas made of bugs for the beta I'll
see you guys later